Tests are divided between regular tests and integration tests,
the difference being the amount of time they take to execute.

Running 'mvn clean install' runs only the regular tests. Run
'mvn clean install -Pintegration' to run the integration tests
as well.

Tests can be run against different databases using profiles.
There are two predefined profiles for h2 and mysql. Run
'mvn test -Ph2' to run the regular tests against h2. Run
'mvn verify -Pintegration,h2 to run both regular
and integration tests against h2.

The mysql configuration assumes a mysql database is running
on port 3306, a database called jcr exists in that server,
and user root without a password has read/write privileges.
edit config/mysql-repository.xml to adjust according to your
local setup.

When running the tests against different databases make sure
you do a 'mvn clean' before switching databases each time
so that the repository storage directory gets wiped. Otherwise
you will continue to run with the previous configuration.

Note on StampedeTest:
StampedeTest is a load test on the repository. It starts
a bunch of threads that execute a random set of actions
on the repository continually for a configured amount of time.
For instance 'mvn test -Dtest=StampedeTest -Ph2
-Dstampede.minutes=3 -Dstampede.threads=5' executes the
StampedeTest against h2 for a period of 3 minutes with 5
concurrent threads.

Note on running StampedeTest clustered:
There are two predefined profiles for running the StampedeTest
in a clustered setup using mysql as the backing database.
Open two console windows for the current directory.

In the one run:

'mvn test -Dtest=StampedeTest -Pclusternode1
-Dstampede.minutes=1 -Dstampede.threads1 -Dsurefire.forkmode=none
-Dstampede.prompt=true'

In the other run the other profile:

'mvn test -Dtest=StampedeTest -Pclusternode2
-Dstampede.minutes=1 -Dstampede.threads1 -Dsurefire.forkmode=none
-Dstampede.prompt=true'

After the test case setup phase you will be prompted to press
enter to continue. This is to make sure the tests run concurrently
the whole time.

Note that because of the forkmode=none option the repository needs to have been
bootstrapped during a previous normal run because not all extensions
seem to be loaded in this mode.

You may leave out the '-Dsurefire.forkmode=none -Dstampede.prompt=true'
part but this will not allow you to coordinate the concurrency, which may
be important if you are doing performance measurements.
